# Search Algorithms for MC3 Problem
This repository contains implementations of search algorithms for solving the MC3 (Multi-objective Code Clone Configuration) problem.  
Additionally, it includes various files related to Elasticsearch configurations, I/O operations, and other supporting resources.

## Configurations
The `configurations` directory contains all the configurations generated by the search algorithms to test different possible configurations of Siamese.

## Datasets
The `datasets` directory we have an original version of the clone oracle from the Qualitas Corpus and Stack Overflow. Additionally, we also have a formatted version of the oracle containing only the clones that are relevant for our experiment.

## Output
The `output` directory contains the outputs generated by Siamese whenever a search operation is performed. The files generated by the tool are in CSV format.

## Parameters
The `parameters` directory you'll find files containing the values of search spaces used by the algorithms. These files provide the parameters necessary for configuring the search algorithms to explore different solution spaces efficiently.

## Results Metrics and Excel
The `results_metrics` directory contains an overview of the metrics generated for each execution of Siamese in JSON format, while the `results_excel` directory contains a summary of this information in XLSX format.

## Time Record
The `time_record` directory stores the execution time of each run performed by Siamese as the search algorithm was executed.

## Examples
The `Examples.md` file has example clone links between Stack Overflow and the Qualitas corpus.

## Computational Infrastructure
The `infrastructure.md` file contains a description of the infrastructure that was used to carry out our experiment.

## Tutorial to Execute
## Notes
- The project works exclusively for Ubuntu
- You can make project settings in the .env file
- If you want to do quick tests, use `mini_qualitas_corpus_clean` which is downloaded together with the other datasets.
- Another way to do quick experiments is to use `parameters_grid_search_mini.yml` which is a smaller version of the parameters used for grid_search.

### 1. Remove the requirement to use Sudo
Run the command `sudo visudo` and make the following changes
```bash
sudo visudo
```

Insert at the end of the file
```bash
<your-user> ALL=(ALL) NOPASSWD: ALL
```

### 2. Configure Java context to Siamese
```bash
chmod +x java-install.sh
./java-install.sh
```

### 3. install project dependencies to run the experiment
```bash
sudo apt install python3-venv
python3 -m venv env
source env/bin/activate
pip install -r requirements.txt
```

### Unzip the  infrastructure-directory
Unzip the `infrastructure-directory` file and leave the folders in the folder's origin

### 4. Configure your .env
Change the `.env_example` file to `.env`.
You can use the default settings, or you can change the settings in this file.

### 5. Download Qualitas Corpus, StackOverflow and Elasticsearch datasets
```bash
python download_datasource.py
```

### 6. Execute Siamese to perform indexing
```bash
python siamese_indexing.py
```

### 7. Execute experiment
```bash
python main.py
```

